1all-adopts1 all
4d0p74bl35 all
absolutely-adopt-us all
acerbeonis closed
admirableadoptables all
adopt-a-blessing all
adopt-a-cutie all
adopt-a-fantroll fandom
adopt-a-fursona all
adopt-a-oc all
adopt-a-pearl closed
adopt-a-pony fandom
adopt-agency all
adopt-an-adoptable all
adopt-an-oc-here all
adopt-awesomely all
adopt-bases misc
adopt-canines species
adopt-human species
adopt-me-a-furrie species
adopt-me-plz all
adopt-oasis all
adopt-plaza all
adopt-sugar all
adopt-supermarket all
adopt-to-ya-drop all
adopt-world-around all
adoptababes all
adoptable-babies all
adoptable-bases misc
adoptable-be-mine all
adoptable-boutique all
adoptable-center all
adoptable-city all
adoptable-corner all
adoptable-den all
adoptable-network all
adoptable-ocs all
adoptable-orphanage all
adoptable-overstock all
adoptable-park all
adoptable-planet all
adoptable-tearoom all
adoptable-utopia all
adoptablehub all
adoptableisland all
adoptablelovers all
adoptablemarketplace all
adoptables-4-points payment
adoptables-adopt all
adoptables-and-all all
adoptables-around all
adoptables-colors all
adoptables-for-fun all
adoptables-for-sale all
adoptables-forever all
adoptables-frenzy all
adoptables-land all
adoptables2love all
adoptablesandthings all
adoptableseverywhere all
adoptablesforanyone all
adoptableshamlet all
adoptableshaven all
adoptableshrine all
adoptablesparadise all
adoptablesunlimited all
adoptacanine species
adoptadorables all
adoptalongwithme all
adoptananimal species
adoptasonic fandom
adoptcafe all
adoptclub all
adoptia all
adoption--center all
adoption-city all
adoption-concoctions all
adoption-link all
adoption-mania all
adoption-planet all
adoption-team-sales all
adoptionagents all
adoptionclub all
adoptionhouse all
adoptionparty all
adoptions-galore all
adoptions-guild all
adoptionuniverse all
adoptmachine all
adoptme-plz all
adoptohobia all
adopts-4-love all
adopts-4-sale all
adopts-are-our-lives all
adopts-for-less payment
adopts-symphony quality
adopts-yo all
adopts4us all
adoptscafe all
adoptsforthewin all
adoptsoverload all
adoptsshelter all
adoptsshop all
adoptsworld all
adopttoday all
adoptz all
adorableadopts all
adorbsadopts all
adoreandadopt all
adotables all
adult-adopts species
aerodilsadoptables all
agency-of-adoption all
ah-orphanage all
all--adoptswelcome all
all-4-all all
all-adopts all
all-adopts-accepted all
all-adoptsaccepted all
all-point-adoptables payment
alladoptables all
allocadopts all
allthecuteadopts all
allyouradopts all
always-adopts all
amazing-adopts all
amazingly-adoptable all
among-the-adoptables all
animal-adopt species
animal-adopties species
animaladoptionagency species
animalsforadoption species
animeadoptables all
any-adoptables all
any-adopts all
any-species-breeders misc
anyadoptables all
anyadopts all
anyadoptscentral all
anyandalladopts all
anything-adopts all
aquaripuffs closed
ari-adopts all
arty-adopts all
auction-adoptables all payment
auctionadopts payment
august-adopts all
auresearch agency
awesome-adopt-club all
awesomeadoptsclub all
awoken-shiryte agency
baelon-realms-adopts all
bases-for-adopts misc
beeimps closed
bipedal-adopts species
boople-snoots closed
breed-and-adopt all
breed-n-adopt all
bright-adopts all
button-buds closed
canidadoptandtemps species
canvas-cuties agency
cardtamers agency
ceileo-species-hq closed
celestialfeathers closed
center-of-adoption all
cheap-adopts payment
cheap-sonic-adopts fandom
cheapadopts-commish payment
checksadopt all
chibiadopts all species
chompets closed
clothingadopts misc
club-valizan all
colorful-adoptables all
cosmic-bears closed
crackhound-penal closed
crazedadopts all
crazy-adopts all
creation-adopts all
creature---adopts species
creature-crafters all
creepyandcute-adopts all
customadopts quality
cute-ad0ptables all
cute-adoptables-here all
cuteadopties all
cutecheappointadopts all
cutefelineadopts species
cutest-adoptables all
cygnia agency
da-adoption-kennels species
da-adopts all
da-fleamarket all
daadoptablecentral all
dadoptable all
dadopts all
daemon-domain closed
daily-adoptables all
dark-volgan-skies closed
delightful-adopts all
derptastical agency
designsellers all
designtown all
deviant-in-need all
dickle-fanclub closed
dna-breeds-adopts misc
doadopt all
donutdogs species
draw-to-adopt all
dreamer-adopts all
dreamtones agency
dripdropadoptgroup all
dumpling-dragons closed
echos-adopts-group all
effort-adoptables quality
elementailclans closed
elementiiae agency
eleux closed
elite-adoptables quality
ello-adopts all
enchantingadopts all
epical-adoptables all
everyadoptable all
everythingadopts all
fantasyadoptbabes all
fantasyadopts1 species
feathersuneheights closed
female-adopties species
fishpuff-pond closed
flufferbuns agency
forever--adopts all
forever-adoptin all
forever-boutique all misc
fortheloveofadopts all
free-adopts-only payment
freedreamselfyadopts payment
freehorseaoptables species
fursona-home species
fuzzballs-for-points species
galastruck closed
get-a-furry all
glass-bellies closed
glasstum-garden closed
golds-adoptables all
gos-adoptables all
gryalic agency
hamaside species
hand-drawn-adopts all quality
hard-work-adopts quality
hatchables misc
heavynsadoptionhome all
hexacrura-offical closed
heylookandadoptgroup all
high-class-adopts quality
high-quality-adopts quality
home-for-adoptables all
home-of-adoptables all
homelessadopts all
horrorfactoryadopts species
hot-adopts all
hot-adoptz all
house-of-fruit closed
hqadopts quality
humanadoptsonly species
humanized-adoptables species
humankemonoadopts species
humanoid-adopts species
humanoidadopts species
hycis-species closed
id-empire closed
impacha-lair closed
inksplash-adopts all
insane--adopts all
insane-adoptables all
ior-adoptables agency
jolly-adopts all
kawaii-adopty all
kawaii-mafia-adopts all
kawaiiadoptablegroup all
kemonomimi-adopts species
kirikitties agency
kitsunetsukiadopts all
koala-tea-adoptables all
koimes closed
ksyder-closedspecies closed
lais-orphanage all
lampdragoncave closed
lana-dragons closed
lavaes-world closed
leafy-adopts all
leemaspecies closed
legit-breedables species
leibe-adopts all
lets-adopt-something all
lily-pad-adoption all
lion-adopters species
lnnovation agency
loulous-adopt-center all
loveable-adoptables all
lovelyadoptables all
loving--adopts all
luna-fantasy-adopts all
magical-tcmb closed
malukiri-den closed
mantipurrfect closed
marvelous-adoptables all
masquelin-clutch closed
mcadoptables agency
melodidogs closed
mission-adopt all
misty-kingdoms closed
mlpadoptionismagic fandom
mlpadopts fandom
monster-bat-junction closed
moonlight-adopts all
more-adoptables-now all
my-little-adoptables fandom
mylittleadoptable fandom
mylittlepony-adopt fandom
mystery-adopts misc
mysteryadoptables all
mysteryadoptcentre species
nautical-adopts all
neo-adopts all
new-n-used-adopts all
niftyshop all
no-auction-adopts payment
nyamrianworkshop species
o-best-adoptables-o all
o-creature-adopts species
o0-adoptme-0o all
oc-tailor misc
onestop-adoptshop all
ooadoptablesoo all
original-adopts all
owletspecies closed
paum-paradise closed
pawm-phanatics closed
paypal-adopts payment
paypaladoptioncenter payment
pikumon agency
platefighters agency
point-adoptables payment
point-adopties payment
point-adopts quality payment
point-free-adopts payment
pointables payment
pointcritters payment
pointlove payment
points-adoptions all
points-and-cash all
points-for-adptable payment
polished-adopts quality
pon-e-qons fandom closed
ponies-need-homes fandom
pony-adoptables fandom
precious-adoptables all
premium-adoptables all
prettycuteadopts all
prittylittleponies fandom
pro-adopt quality
ptsforadopt payment
pyrogi-adoptables agency
quality-adoptables quality
quality-adopts quality
quarrycreature closed
rainbow-adoptables all
raindropcafe agency
renosisaurus closed
rensadoptablesgroup all
rumianekdogs closed
sailor-u fandom
second-chancerescues all
sell-your-adopts all
shardwing-species closed
shinshiadoptables agency
shoppableadoptable all
shtspecies closed
skellkninesanctuary species
sliclop closed
sodaren-town closed
sonic--adopts fandom
sonic-adoptionagency fandom
sonic-adopts fandom
sonicadoopts fandom
sonicadoptables fandom
sonicadoptablesfree fandom
sonicadoptablesgroup fandom
sonicadoptorphanage fandom
space-elements agency
spacialdescendants closed
spam-adopts all
spellboundrealms quality
squibtank closed
star-adoptables all
starburstadoptables agency
storms-adopt-center all
sugar-adoptables all
summers-garden agency
super-adoptables all
superadoptioncentre all
sweetie--adopts all
sweeties-adopts all
sweetponyadopt fandom
takeanadoptablehome all
teacup-foxes closed
thatoneadoptgroup all
the-a-agency all
the-adopt-factory all
the-adoption-agency all
the-bagpack-cubby closed
the-mais-pond closed
the-ninfu-species closed
the-sugarfactory closed
the-wolf-pound species
theadoptablemarket all
theadoptionplace all
theshallowsspecies closed
torkana-adopts all
treatpups closed
tree-of-life-adopts closed
ultimateadopts all
underlandadopts all
unhuman-adopts species
unknown-adopt-makers all
vermil-upus closed
viokatysseadopts all
wanna-adopt all
welcomedadoptables all
wolf-a-meow-adopts species
world-of-adopts all
worldofadoptables all
worldofquuel agency closed
worldwideadopts all
worth-it-adoptables all quality
woven-darkness-adopt all
xxfan-adoptsxx fandom
zee-adopts all
zyrrix closed
